[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The Secretary of
Defense makes a secret,
unannounced trip to Area 52, but
our inside sources say he also
visited the infamous Area 51.
What was he doing there?
This is Gaia News.
Secretary of Defense,
Lloyd Austin,
made an unannounced trip to the
secretive Tonopah test range
airport, also known as Area 52.
This base is about 55 miles
away from Groom Lake, what
most people know as Area 51.
Tonopah has a history
of black ops aircraft
support and testing, including
the F-117 A Nighthawk
stealth fighter.
And during the time of
the secretary's visit,
the US military was
conducting red flag exercises,
aerial war games meant to
test pilots and aircraft.
Secretary Austin was seemingly
there to observe these war
games, but retired US
Intelligence Officer, Rick
Doty, has inside information.
>>RICK DOTY: Now, as I
understand, some of my sources
tell me that he flew in, on
the Secretary of Defense plane
into Tonopah, but he was
only there a couple of hours
and then he went by
helicopter from Tonopah
to Groom Lake, which
is about 55 miles away.
And what he did
over there, what he
saw over there,
what he was briefed
on over there, who knows,
probably highly classified.
Even some of my inside
sources couldn't tell me
what he had access to or
what he was briefed on.
The cover reason was
be briefed on red flag,
because red flag was
occurring at Tonopah
and then his
secretive mission was
to be briefed on the
classified projects that
were occurring at Area 51.
That's my belief.
>> Cabinet members come and go
with different administrations.
If Area 51 does hold
extraterrestrial technology,
would the Secretary
of Defense have access
to all the information?
>>DOTY: I believe the
Secretary of Defense
might have access to
the knowledge of it,
probably not all aspects
of it, just because we're
experimenting with exotic
technologies at Area 51,
meaning reverse engineering
of ET crafts or other ET
technologies, not
necessarily the craft.
But maybe the
energy devices that
were in the craft,
the propulsion
systems that were in the craft.
I think he probably would
know or have access to that,
but the details about exactly
what we were doing now,
I don't know that he would
have full access to that.
>> After a career in the army,
then working for Raytheon,
and finally as
Secretary of Defense,
is it possible he was just
curious to see what they held
there?
>>DOTY: All the good stuff is
that Area 51 and locked away.
So, having access to probably
some of the secrets while he
was Vice Chief of
Staff of the Army,
and then after he
retired in 2016,
he was on the board of
Raytheon, and as I understand,
he still had a
security clearance,
because you would have required
a security clearance working
for Raytheon.
And he probably
learned something
from that, maybe even rumors.
And so, he had a chance to visit
Area 51, and as far as I know,
this is the first time
he's ever been there.
It's 55 miles away,
probably 40 minutes
on a Black Hawk helicopter.
And then he spent a
couple of hours over there
before he returned
back to the Tonopah.
So, in two and 1/2
hours, he could
have been briefed on many very,
very highly classified secrets
in the black program.
>> We may never know exactly
what the Secretary of Defense
knows, but it begs the question,
what new military technologies
are they working on at
these clandestine sites?
And did humans come up
with this technology
ourselves or did we get
extraterrestrial help?
For a new perspective,
this is Gaia News.
For more information
on this topic,
check out this content on Gaia.